Alon Levy, [7.04.19 19:15~]

Participants:
 Alon (jitsi)
 David
 Ronen (jitsi)
 Shay (jitsi)
 Yonatan

Meeting notes starting now for the weekly meeting
(Alon writing)

Alon gave an update on our cash flow per the bank:
 14621.36
 Alon will create a number for +/- from last month, and maybe a graph.

Ronen mentioned there is 1200 nis in the Paypal
 - Asaf took 800 nis also from 2 members

Assaf's workshop: 4 people
 - there are 2 more meetings

we have wekan.telavivmakers.org, but not yet working.

Ronen:
 - Intro to TAMI on Thursday
 - not enough biohub beers, need to buy beers
 - Shay: beers at machon hadarom adjacent 24 bottles 89 nis, keep the bottles please.
  - 1/3
 - missing wood space man

The place needs ordering for the Intro
 - Yonatan will come to TAMI to order it after voting on Tuesday

Wednesday there is also Asafs workshop, they will burn-in the
 - Ronen volunteered to take a picture

Ronen: Henry raised the issue of receipts: they will allow people to give more (people who have
 a business to enter this as an expense for)
 - Henry talked to his accountant who said this is fine
 - Ronen talked to our accountant when he did an arduino workshop, and asked
  - we need to give a regular receipt, not for truma
 - needs a member meeting

AI: suggested 18.4 meeting (next Thursday)

Yonantan suggests we write down properly all the money going out for TAMI
 - We need logging (which we are lame at anyway) and accounting
 - Ronen: 2018 is too late, we cannot give receipts for 2018 already since we gave one for 2019

Yonatan will talk to our accountants (who asked us explicitly to get receipts for anything we did)
 - he will check about giving receipts for 2018 today

Kobi doing images from space tomorrow

Shay:
 - last Monday there was a meeting with an export on network advertising
 - discourse has notes
  - https://discourse.telavivmakers.org/t/bizdev-expert-meeting-summary/517
 - main points:
  - move the wiki to subdomain
  - frontpage: maybe wordpress? anything that is purpose built as a frontpage
 - change the name of the page in facebook
  - TAMI won't jump to anyone
  - need to write in hebrew
 - Suggestion for Russian translation: each language requires a new page
  - if anyone wants a Russian page for instance, go for it
 - Shay made a protocol for "how to make a workshop"
  - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UFokG_31MtygtzyIvNXpqyxSudVb-MIO9Nl1rahWyPs/
 - Need to rewrite the "about"
  - needs to be 2 sentences, Ronen has great writeup but too long
  - need to publish something every day-two
  - likewise in the Instagram
  - otherwise it looks like the place is dead
 - funzing & motke & hatzavaron hayarok
 - collaborations with other entities
 - need more banners for facebook - boring, just one, default for workshops
 - poster A3 for TAMI, to put in Universities
 - entrance needs a better recording device
  - tablet suggested instead of book
 - change the wording from hacker to maker
  - hacker has a bad reputation
 - last point: please tell Shay of any place you know we should share our events
  - as well, it's better that there be a member who is in charge of doing the sharing, and adds text


Yonatan
 - Patreon is on
 - only one video of David talking about the Lathe
 - Evyatar joined marketing effort
 - we need videos, and to keep sending them out constantly
 - he wants to have a place to market and sell (i.e. e-shop) workshops

Suggested to bring Michael to the close member meeting, to talk about using a bot
 - there was a preliminary push back on Telegram

(Suggestion by ___ ?) In order not to confuse between a member of the amuta and a member of TAMI, we should write up
 "manuy of TAMI" instead of "member" when we ask for 400 nis / month

Yonatan mentioned Evyatar may give a talk about autonomous vehicles (he heads a lab in GM dealing with that)

Shay
 - suggested making a 3d printed surprise for anyone coming to the intro meeting
 - will ask moty to print ~50 total (15 shields with tami logo, 40 wrenches)

Shay will update on discourse and google groups for any workshops and lectures.

